login1 terminal = pass
login1 transaction = fail
login2 terminal = pass
login2 transaction = fail
login3 terminal = pass
login3 transaction = fail
login4 terminal = pass
login4 transaction = fail
login5 terminal = pass
login5 transaction = fail
 
logout1 terminal = pass
logout1 transaction = fail
logout2 terminal = pass
logout2 transaction = fail
logout3 terminal = pass
logout3 transaction = fail
logout4 terminal = pass
logout4 transaction = fail
 
create1 terminal = fail
create1 transaction = fail
create2 terminal = pass
create2 transaction = fail
create3 terminal = fail
create3 transaction = fail
create4 terminal = fail
create4 transaction = fail
create5 terminal = fail
create5 transaction = fail
create6 terminal = fail
create6 transaction = fail
create7 terminal = fail
create7 transaction = fail
create8 terminal = fail
create8 transaction = fail
create9 terminal = fail
create9 transaction = fail
create10 terminal = fail
create10 transaction = fail
 
